# IEEE_TGRS_CSSM
The code in this toolbox implements the "A Complementary Spectral-Spatial Method for Hyperspectral Image Classification". <br />
More specifically, it is detailed as follow.<br />


# Citation
**Please kindly cite the papers if this code is useful and helpful for your research.**<br />
L. Shi, C. Li, T. Li and Y. Peng, "A Complementary Spectral-Spatial Method for Hyperspectral Image Classification," in IEEE Transactions on Geoscience and Remote Sensing, vol. 60, pp. 1-17, 2022, Art no. 5531017, doi: 10.1109/TGRS.2022.3180935.<br />
<pre><code>@article{shi2022complementary,
  title={A Complementary Spectral-Spatial Method for Hyperspectral Image Classification},
  author={Shi, Lulu and Li, Chunchao and Li, Teng and Peng, Yuanxi},
  journal={IEEE Transactions on Geoscience and Remote Sensing},
  volume={60},
  pages={1--17},
  year={2022},
  publisher={IEEE}
}</code></pre>
  
# Dataset
The data were generated by Matlab R2020b or higher versions.<br />
All experimental datasets can be found on the following two websites. Thanks again to the datasets providers.<br />
https://rslab.ut.ac.ir/data<br />
https://www.ehu.eus/ccwintco/index.php/Hyperspectral_Remote_Sensing_Scenes#Pavia_University_scene

# How to use
The original code is based on Pavia University dataset.<br />
1. Download the dataset and put it in the code file.<br />
2. Modify the corresponding parameters in the "Prepare image" module.<br />
3. Modify the visual color options in the "Visualization" module according to the corresponding dataset.<br />
4. run demo.m


# Contact Information
Lulu Shi: nudtersll@126.com<br />
Lulu Shi is currently studying for a master's degree in the college of Computer Science, National University of Defense Technology.
